Cyril bouchiat/renaming sec trace (#20780)
DataDog/documentation: layouts/shortcodes/asm-protect.md

ASM leverages the same [tracing libraries][107] as Application Performance Monitoring (APM) to protect your applications against:

> - **Attacks**: ASM’s In-App WAF inspects all incoming traffic and uses pattern-matching to detect and block malicious traffic (security traces).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Attacks**: ASM's In-App WAF inspects all incoming traffic and uses pattern-matching to detect and block malicious traffic (security traces).
```

- **Attackers**: IP addresses and authenticated users that are launching attacks against your applications are detected from the insights collected by the libraries and flagged in Security Signals.

> security traces are blocked in real time by the Datadog tracing libraries. Blocks are saved in Datadog, automatically and securely fetched by the Datadog Agent, deployed in your infrastructure, and applied to your services. For details, read [How Remote Configuration Works][108]. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Security traces are blocked in real time by the Datadog tracing libraries. Blocks are saved in Datadog, automatically and securely fetched by the Datadog Agent, deployed in your infrastructure, and applied to your services. For details, read [How Remote Configuration Works][108]. 
```

Reviewer: Here, too, I think it should remain "Suspicious requests are blocked in real time"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Security activity is blocked in real time by the Datadog tracing libraries. Blocks are saved in Datadog, automatically and securely fetched by the Datadog Agent, deployed in your infrastructure, and applied to your services. For details, read [How Remote Configuration Works][108]. 
```

Reviewer: ok, let's just capitalize the first word in line 11, and leave the terminology as-is
